“I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.”These are words I’ve said to you countless times, and today I want to explore the deeper meanings of what these words mean when I say them.

Each word has its own meaning, and together they tell the story of us—how we’ve grown, what we’ve built, and what we mean to each other.

It all begins with “I.”

“I”I was a 35-year-old, minding my own business—perfectly content flying solo—until one day, a 29-year-old messaged me on Grindr. (I’ll leave out the part where you blocked me for a little while.)

You know that I consider myself a realist when it comes to life and love. I’ve always valued practical expectations and grounded beliefs, and prioritized those over idealistic notions. Before we met, I had convinced myself that traveling the world and living life on my own terms was all I needed. Love, at least in the traditional sense, wasn’t really part of my plan.

Over time, my views have changed in ways I didn’t expect. Where I used to approach life with practicality, with you, I feel something new—hope. When I think about our future, I feel a great sense of joy and excitement. Being with you has converted me into an idealist, believing in the future we’re building together and all the possibilities it holds.

“Love”Before meeting you, the concept of love felt a bit silly and frankly, terrifying.

Silly because it always seemed too big and overwhelming—like love had to be some grand, sweeping thing that takes over your whole life. It felt more like a distraction from the real and the practical. It’s also scary, because to love means exposing yourself to uncertainty, risk, and the possibility of losing that love.

But being with you has changed all of that. Suddenly, I get it. Surely those risks haven’t disappeared, but now those risks feel worth it because I wasn’t facing those risks alone.

Our love is about acceptance—loving each other for who we are, flaws and everything. And our disagreements kick off conversations about solutions and adjustments to move forward without compromising our true selves. Our love is about dependability—that eagerness to support each other through whatever challenges we face individually and together. And my favorite part: Our love is about silliness.

And that’s the thing about our love—it’s not about perfection or grand gestures, it’s about being real, being ourselves, and knowing that no matter what, we’ll always have each other. Which brings me to you…

“You”You are my best friend, the one who loves sports as much as I do.

You may possibly be the most annoying person I’ve ever met. You drive me crazy. The uncanny way you push my buttons like no one else. But it’s those little annoyances that make our relationship feel real. You leave your socks everywhere, snore like a freight train, and do 20 tasks but only finish 90% of each task. That funny way you would waddle-walk to me when I get mad, daring me to laugh so I’d forget about being mad. That’s all part of the package. Your quirks and those moments of pure frustration are a sign that we’re comfortable with each other. We’re not putting on a show but rather being our true selves. And in the middle of all these annoying habits, there’s love. You may annoy me, but you’re also the one who makes me laugh the most, the one who makes me feel seen, and the one who makes me feel safe. The one who would make sure the blanket covers my entire shoulder from the cold. The one who knows whether I need solutions or just to be heard when I’m frustrated about something. The one who knows me best.

If the idea of having a once-in-a-lifetime love is true, then you are mine.

You are the person I told myself I’d rather do life solo if I didn’t meet. You are what people mean when they talk about a better half. For if we are but halves, and I am just me, and the sum of us is greater than our parts, then by deduction you are the better half.

Which brings me to just how much I love you…

“SO MUCH”

“So much”—a unit of measure. Though it’s tricky because love as a concept is difficult to quantify.

As I reflect on this, I’m reminded of a brief chat we had after seeing the movie Everything Everywhere All At Once. It got us thinking about the existence of infinite realities and parallel universes. From this, we both concluded—or at least hoped—that versions of ourselves in those parallel realities would also be as much in love as we are in this reality. And just like Evelyn and Waymond, through all the chaos, confusion, and every possible outcome, we would always find each other, choosing love in every universe.

For your song today, I chose “Come What May” from Moulin Rouge, one of our Broadway favorites. The line, “I will love you until the end of time,” perfectly captures how timeless I believe our love to be. Even though we’ll be long gone before the end of time, I’m certain that the love we share in this lifetime will go beyond the limited time we have here. After we die, the atoms that once made up my body will find the atoms that made up yours, and they will rediscover that love, again and again, until the end of time.

ClosingAnd now, as I stand here with you, those words—“I love you so much”—carry more weight than ever before. They’re not just something I’ve said countless times, but words I’ve come to truly understand.

Every “I” is a recognition of who I am because of you—how you’ve made me a better, more complete version of myself.

Every “love” is an acknowledgment of the journey we’ve taken.

And every “so much” is a reminder of the immeasurable depth of what we share.

When I say “I love you so much” today, know that I mean every word.

And “You” Drew Keck, I’m so lucky and honored to have YOU. You are my once-in-a-lifetime love, my best friend, my better half, and the one I choose in every version of every reality.

I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.Today, Yesterday, Tomorrow.
